The tourist said, "If you keep messing with your hand,
it'll be ruined."
You're not studying art,
you don't want to paint.
What to do?
Am I going to be taken to this terrifying
man's lair again?
No, okay.
Huo Jiuling, let me go.
Ji Linlin, you want to keep your hand, don't you?
I don't need your help.
Ji Linlin,
I need to remind you.
Now that you're my woman,
your body is mine.
Huo Jiuling, I know you spent
fifteen billion saving Wu Tai;
I'll compensate you.
Do you think I'm short of fifteen billion?
That's fifteen billion euros!
Fifteen billion euros, Huo Jiuling, you're so kind.
Then what are you lacking?
Can we talk this over?
See if I can?
Of course you can.
Ah? What?
Just stay by my side,
heal your wounds.
Everything else, later.
Huo Jiuling,
Let me go! Let me go!
Otherwise, be obedient and talk to me.
Otherwise, I'll deal with you now.